Feat/176 nginx trusted proxies (#177)
KSIUJ/gutenberg: docs/src/admin/docker.md

The files in the `gutenberg-locations.d` define [`location`](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#location)
directives for different endpoints which will be available under the Gutenberg domain.

Gutenberg adds two files to this folder:
- `gutenberg-app.conf` which defines the handlers for the endpoints
    `/static/`, `/@webapp-html/` for internal use and a catch-all `location /` directive
    which proxies all requests to the Django application server.
- `gutenberg-docs.conf` which defines the handlers for the `/docs/` endpoint
    which serves the mdbook documentation.

### Trusted Proxy Configuration

> **Default:** Gutenberg trusts requests from Docker bridge network (`172.17.0.0/16`).

Reviewer: Why is this default preferred to allowing requests from any source IP?

Reviewer: Also from my testing this default value does not allow connections even from `localhost` when using docker compose, because the [bridge network](https://docs.docker.com/engine/network/drivers/bridge/) defined in `docker-compose.yml` gets assigned a different subnet (and different host IP).
For deployments, where this proxy (`run_nginx`) should directly accessible from the LAN or Internet, this configuration will block requests not coming from the host.

I suggest keeping the existing behavior by default (allowing all source IP addresses).
This will avoid a breaking change (https://github.com/KSIUJ/gutenberg/pull/177#discussion_r3666680981).
The source IP filtering is only really necessary when any of the `GUTENBERG_TRUST_*` variables is specified (that's why we then show a warning if `GUTENBERG_TRUSTED_PROXY_IPS` is not configured).

Reviewer: Resolved by defaulting to `0.0.0.0/0` instead

> If deploying behind an external reverse proxy, configure `GUTENBERG_TRUSTED_PROXY_IPS`:

Reviewer: Please specify what this setting actually does in the admin docs, not just what value is should be set to.

The files in the `gutenberg-locations.d` define [`location`](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#location)
directives for different endpoints which will be available under the Gutenberg domain.

Gutenberg adds two files to this folder:
- `gutenberg-app.conf` which defines the handlers for the endpoints
    `/static/`, `/@webapp-html/` for internal use and a catch-all `location /` directive
    which proxies all requests to the Django application server.
- `gutenberg-docs.conf` which defines the handlers for the `/docs/` endpoint
    which serves the mdbook documentation.

### Trusted Proxy Configuration

> **What it does:** When Gutenberg trusts forwarded headers (like `X-Forwarded-For` or `X-Forwarded-Host`), it validates the source IP address of the request. Requests from IP addresses outside the trusted ranges are rejected with HTTP 403. This prevents attackers from spoofing forwarded headers to bypass security controls or impersonate users.

Reviewer: What the `GUTENBERG_TRUSTED_PROXY_IPS` setting does is itself unrelated from the `X-Forwarded-*` and `X-Real-IP` headers - it just filters source IPs.
Keep the reasons for configuring this as a separate paragraph from **What it does** or restructure this section entirely. Also it's not clear what "*it*" is in "*what it does*". 

*to impersonate users* - this does not actually apply to Gutenberg.

The files in the `gutenberg-locations.d` define [`location`](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#location)
directives for different endpoints which will be available under the Gutenberg domain.

Gutenberg adds two files to this folder:
- `gutenberg-app.conf` which defines the handlers for the endpoints
    `/static/`, `/@webapp-html/` for internal use and a catch-all `location /` directive
    which proxies all requests to the Django application server.
- `gutenberg-docs.conf` which defines the handlers for the `/docs/` endpoint
    which serves the mdbook documentation.

### Trusted Proxy Configuration

**What GUTENBERG_TRUSTED_PROXY_IPS does:**
Filters incoming requests by source IP address. Only requests from IP addresses within the configured ranges are allowed to reach the application; requests from other addresses receive HTTP 400.

**Why configure it:**

> When Gutenberg runs behind a reverse proxy (like nginx), the application needs to trust headers like `X-Forwarded-For`, `X-Forwarded-Host`, and `X-Real-IP` to determine the original client IP and hostname. Without IP filtering, an attacker could send requests directly to the exposed nginx port with spoofed forwarded headers, bypassing any access controls or rate limiting based on client IP. This setting ensures only your known proxy servers can send requests with these trusted headers.

Reviewer: > to determine the original client IP and hostname

`X-Forwarded-Host` is not used to determine the client's device hostname, but to determine the original value of the [`Host` header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Host).

```suggestion
When Gutenberg runs behind a reverse proxy, the application needs to trust headers like `X-Forwarded-For`, `X-Forwarded-Host`, and `X-Real-IP` to determine the original client IP and the original value of the `Host` header. Without IP filtering, an attacker could send requests directly to the exposed nginx port with spoofed forwarded headers, bypassing [`ALLOWED_HOSTS`](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/6.0/ref/settings/#allowed-hosts) or IP address checks. This setting ensures only your known proxy servers can send requests with these trusted headers.
```
